# WHAT-S-THE-MOST-IMPORTANT-DYNAMIC-FOR-OUR-LONG-TERM-FUTURE-

WHAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT DYNAMIC FOR OUR LONG-TERM FUTURE?

1, A brief summary.
2, Various ways to foster a long term future.


A brief summary:
From my little knowledge gained the from the game of civilization by going through this wonderful piece of art (Gaming the Future: Technologies for Intelligent Voluntary Cooperation), I would say that we, the players need and have to take different approach in terms of exploring various means and opportunity that would gear towards a successful outcome in any decision we are making and planning toward the game. We have to be conscious knowing full well that we are not the only players in the game by considering our actions and inactions before executing them that is, by applying the  principle of Utilitarianism, which is a theory of morality that advocates actions that foster happiness or pleasure and oppose actions that cause unhappiness or harm. When directed toward making social, economic, or political decisions, a utilitarian oriented player would aim for the betterment of game at large. Or Pareto preferred state where resources cannot be reallocated to make one individual better off without making at least one individual worse off, simply, making sure that players values and decisions are together and not drifted. 

Various ways to foster a long term future:
Firstly, In the game of civilization I strongly believe that voluntary interaction as a legacy have played from the evolution of the players and will definitely continue to play a huge role in the progression (future) of civilization. Voluntary interaction can be seen as a doctrine or system based on voluntary participation in a course of action or the belief that the state, government, and the law should not interfere with the procedures of collective bargaining and of trade union organization. For instance, taking the second explanation to illustrate the nature of the game and players , A core problem will be creating a credible realm of voluntary interaction, which at the base level is itself only built out of voluntary interaction that is not controlled or regulated by a centralized authority which is “the government”. Most players in the game believe that the collective bargaining in trade and transaction should not be regulated by a centralized body rather a decentralized system like smart contract and the invisible hands of demands and supplies should be put in place to do the job. 

Secondly, as far as the game of civilization is evolving we will surely agree to disagree. For instance, in certain decision making we the players might encounter difficulties(drift) in arriving at a particular decision thereby making us to rethink our intentions by finding a way to dialogue(Convergence) through voluntary cooperation, that is, the players considering the fact that they can actually coexist in their different fields without any need for conflicts and violence which is called pareto preferred by making decisions that will not go against another player goals and aspirations.

Thirdly, The need for more advanced cryptography methods is needed for full data security and protection because most of the ciphers and algorithms used in the early days of cryptography have been deciphered, making them useless for data protection. Today’s algorithms can be deciphered, but it would require years and sometimes decades deciphering the meaning of just one message. Thus, the race to create newer and more advanced cryptography techniques continues. It would only disclose its detection when pre-agreed tripwires suggesting illegal activity are triggered. That is, before a player or group of players plans to carry out a dangerous and harmful attack, the system would automatically create awareness or notify other players and possibly if the shield detects such dangerous activity, its robotic enforcement arm prevents the rogue node from engaging in hostile actions. The shield’s multipolar deployment, by which many nodes watch both relevant activity and each other, avoids allowing dangerous activity outside and within the fabric to reach a threatening level.
 Lastly, Since, players should view artificial Intelligence as a boost to the game and not a threat to their wellbeing, because AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. Most AI like robots are created to help human in activities that might be too dangerous or technical for human to perform and in most cases they help to make certain aspect of the game of civilization smoothly like drone, no human would possibly fly and covered the distant that drone do and in the same time cover activities and get vital information that it was sent out to do. Other robotics like sofia (human like conversation and learning), robear (helping hospital patients), xiaomi cyberdog (object motion tracking), henn na hotel (facial recognition), ava robotics (easy movement) and so many more are taking the civilization game between humans and AI to another level in terms of cooperation. 

I strongly believe that the game of civilization through the above mentioned factors would reach a height in which the players would be able to cooperate without fear of other players. And I hope to give my parts towards the game because of how this book influenced my reasoning and perspective towards the game of civilization. 


